MultiView: change demo description (#1841)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/MultiView/Overview/description.md

> The MultiView component contains several views and allows users to switch between them. In this demo, to navigate through the views, swipe them in the horizontal direction.

Reviewer: "Several" suits colloquial speech more... We say "multiple" instead.

```suggestion
The MultiView component contains multiple views and allows users to switch between them. In this demo, swipe left or right to navigate through the views.
```

> You can create view items in the [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/items/) array, or populate view items from a [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/#dataSource). If you specify the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/#dataSource) structure as described in the [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/items/) API section, the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/#dataSource) populates the view items. Otherwise, you need to specify an [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/#itemTemplate). This demo shows the implementation of the latter.

Author: I have a strong suspicion that 'view items' sounds not that good, but I don't really know how to change it or if I need to change it. If you have any suggestions, I would be glad to hear them.

Reviewer: I see nothing fundamentally wrong with "view items"... However, the first sentence lists two options:
1. An ability to create view items from scratch.
2. An ability to load view items from a data source. As for the word "populate" regarding view items themselves, I'm not that sure. You can populate something with view items.

```suggestion
You can create view items in the [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/items/) array, or load them from a [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/#dataSource). If you specify the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/#dataSource) structure as described in the [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/items/) API section, the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/#dataSource) populates the component with view items. Otherwise, you need to specify an [itemTemplate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/#itemTemplate). This demo shows how to implement the latter scenario.
```

> If you want users to scroll back to the first item after they swipe the last item, set the [loop](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/#loop) property to **true**. Specify the [animationEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/#animationEnabled) property to enable or disable scrolling animation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want users to scroll back to the first item after they swipe the last item, set the [loop](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/#loop) property to **true**. Specify the [animationEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMultiView/Configuration/#animationEnabled) property to enable or disable the scroll animation.
```
